Foca na diferença entre o FL cross-device e cross-silo e seus desafios.

Não é muito útil. Fala daa geme theory de organizações para participarem de um FL. Interessante mas não contribui para o TCC

Challanges:

Effectiveness is concerned with training a global model with a desirable performance considering the high heterogeneity of participating clients

How to optimizate effectiveness 

effectiveness is affected by 
Statistical heterogeneity: This often refers to the non-
i.i.d. data of clients [4]. For example, different hospitals
may hold non-i.i.d. disease data due to having geographi-
cally and demographically varying patients


Data moderation approaches:
FL performance degradation with non-i.i.d. data stems from the
heterogeneous data distributions. Data moderation aims
to tackle this issue by modifying the distributions


data sharing, where clients’ local
models are trained by not only the local data but also
the shared global data at the server. Another method is
data augmentation, which replenishes the local data with
augmentations based on information from other clients’
data distributions


Personalization approaches:

 The global model com-
puted by the server may negatively impact the clients’
local model performances in terms of performance and
generalization, due to the drift of heterogeneous data.
Personalization approaches aim to address this issue by
adjusting the local models based on the local tasks. Examples: local fine-tuning, knowledge distillation and personalized layer

Clustering approaches: While most FL frameworks
assume that there is only one global model, it can
be insufficient to learn clients’ information when data
are highly heterogeneous. Clustering approaches try to
mitigate this issue by grouping the clients into different
clusters, in which each cluster maintains a server-client
framework. In particular, similar clients are allocated to
the same cluster, where similarity is measured by the loss
values or their uploaded model weights

Data leakage attacks:


One type is membership inference attack, which aims to check
whether certain data points belong to the training set. Canon-
ically, the attacker infers the information via guesswork and
training the predictive model to predict the original training
data. Another type is reconstruction attack, which aims to
reconstruct the training data using inference techniques. In
particular, reconstruction attack uses GANs to synthesize fake
samples that have the same distributions as the training set
without accessing the raw data.



Methods to defend against it:

Differential privacy: add noise to personal sensitive attributes
to protect privacy. In the context of federated learning,
the clients add noise to their uploaded model updates to
mitigate inference attacks. Note that using differential
privacy improves clients’ privacy protection at the cost
of global model performance


Homomorphic encryption: Such an approach enables
certain operations (e.g., addition) to be performed directly
on cipher texts without decryption requirements. In cross-
silo FL, each client uploads the encrypted local model
updates to the server for aggregation, and the result is
then sent back to each client for local decryption


